Document MatchTrue, MatchFalse and MatchCondition readiness checks (#513)
crossplane/docs: content/master/concepts/compositions.md

        - type: None
```

> #### Match a Condition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Match a condition
```
Titles should use sentence case

{{<hover label="condition" line="11">}}Condition{{</hover>}} considers the composed
resource to be ready when it finds the expected condition type, with the
expected status for it in its `status.conditions`.

> For example, consider 
> {{<hover label="condition" line="7">}}my-resource{{</hover>}}, which will be marked
> as ready if there is a condition of type 
> {{<hover label="condition" line="13">}}MyType{{</hover>}} with a status of
> {{<hover label="condition" line="14">}}Success{{</hover>}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider 
{{<hover label="condition" line="7">}}my-resource{{</hover>}}, which is
ready if there is a condition of type 
{{<hover label="condition" line="13">}}MyType{{</hover>}} with a status of
{{<hover label="condition" line="14">}}Success{{</hover>}}.
```
Fixing future tense

```yaml {label="condition",copy-lines="none"}
apiVersion: apiextensions.crossplane.io/v1
kind: Composition
# Removed for Brevity
spec:
  resources:
  # Removed for Brevity
    - name: my-resource
      base:
        # Removed for brevity
      readinessChecks:
        - type: MatchCondition
          matchCondition:
            type: MyType
            status: Success
```

> #### Match a Boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Match a boolean
```

Two types of checks exist for matching boolean fields:
 * `MatchTrue`
 * `MatchFalse`

`MatchTrue` considers the composed resource to be ready when the value of a 
field within that resource is `true`.

`MatchFalse` considers the composed resource to be ready when the value of a 
field within that resource is `false`.

> For example, consider 
> {{<hover label="matchTrue" line="7">}}my-resource{{</hover>}}, which will be marked
> as ready if 
> {{<hover label="matchTrue" line="12">}} status.atProvider.manifest.status.ready{{</hover>}}
> is {{<hover label="matchTrue" line="11">}}true{{</hover>}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider 
{{<hover label="matchTrue" line="7">}}my-resource{{</hover>}}, which is
ready if 
{{<hover label="matchTrue" line="12">}} status.atProvider.manifest.status.ready{{</hover>}}
is {{<hover label="matchTrue" line="11">}}true{{</hover>}}.
```
fixes future tense.

```yaml {label="matchTrue",copy-lines="none"}
apiVersion: apiextensions.crossplane.io/v1
kind: Composition
# Removed for Brevity
spec:
  resources:
  # Removed for Brevity
    - name: my-resource
      base:
        # Removed for brevity
      readinessChecks:
        - type: MatchTrue
          fieldPath: status.atProvider.manifest.status.ready
```
{{<hint "tip" >}}
Checking {{<hover label="matchTrue" line="11">}}MatchTrue{{</hover>}} doesn't
require a `match` field.

> {{< /hint >}} 

Reviewer: Do you mean the `matchCondition:` field?

Author: No, it's more like a `matchSomethingSomething` field. Eg, the `MatchInteger` type has a companion `mathInteger` type.

`MatchTrue` and `MatchFalse` don't require additional fields. Which I guess would be a better way to describe this:

```suggestion
{{<hint "tip" >}}
Checking {{<hover label="matchTrue" line="11">}}MatchTrue{{</hover>}} doesn't
require setting additional fields.
{{< /hint >}} 
```

Sounds good?

PS: I copied this section from [here](https://github.com/crossplane/docs/blob/969b94d2809ae3d826c9c02ed890925e8c0d14be/content/master/concepts/compositions.md?plain=1#L1077), I'm guessing it would also make sense to adjust that. Wdyt?

https://github.com/crossplane/docs/blob/969b94d2809ae3d826c9c02ed890925e8c0d14be/content/master/concepts/compositions.md?plain=1#L1106-L1109

Author: Ah, apparently "additional" is a bit too wordy for Vale. :thinking: 

This seems ok:
```suggestion
{{<hint "tip" >}}
Checking {{<hover label="matchTrue" line="11">}}MatchTrue{{</hover>}} doesn't
require setting any other fields.
{{< /hint >}} 
```

Author: @plumbis just pushed a commit with this fix, lmkwyt :grinning:

> Alternatively, `MatchFalse` can be used for fields that express readiness with
> negative polarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MatchFalse` matches fields that express readiness with the value `false`.
```

Simplifying the wording

> For example, consider 
> {{<hover label="matchFalse" line="7">}}my-resource{{</hover>}}, which will be marked
> as ready if 
> {{<hover label="matchFalse" line="12">}} status.atProvider.manifest.status.pending{{</hover>}}
> is {{<hover label="matchFalse" line="11">}}false{{</hover>}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider 
{{<hover label="matchFalse" line="7">}}my-resource{{</hover>}}, is
ready if 
{{<hover label="matchFalse" line="12">}} status.atProvider.manifest.status.pending{{</hover>}}
is {{<hover label="matchFalse" line="11">}}false{{</hover>}}.
```
fixes future tense.
